
INSTALL
---------

just use a package manager :)
sudo apt-get install jgraph will work

GUIDELINES
-----------

To run jgraph, you usually do

jgraph in.jgr > out.eps
or
jgraph -P in.jgr > out.ps
The eps file is encapsulated postscript, which is used by other programs such as latex. 
The ps file is plain postscript which may be viewed with gs or printed with lpr.
If no input filename is given, jgraph will read from standard input.


As with most of these programs, it's easiest to get conversant with jgraph by looking at examples.
With jgraph, you specify to draw a new graph with the newgraph keyword. You can then add curves 
to your graph with newcurve, and points to your curve with pts. Here's a simple example:

newgraph
newcurve pts 2 3   4 5   1 6

To take a look at this graph, do:

UNIX> jgraph -P simp1.jgr > simp1.ps
UNIX> gs simp1.ps

Or, just look at the postscript output with netscape.
What this has done is draw a simple graph with three points: (2,3), (4,5) and (1,6). Jgraph
added axes and chose how to plot the points. It's not very pretty, but it's a start.

Next, take a look at simp2.jgr. This is a slightly more complex jgraph example. Let's break it into pieces:

newgraph
xaxis size 2 
yaxis size 1.5 

As before, the newgraph starts the graph. Next, the sizes of the two axes (in inches) are set.
After that, three curves are drawn:

newcurve pts 0 6  1 9  2 11  3 14  4 18 5 20
newcurve marktype triangle linetype solid
         pts 0 3  1 4  2 7  3 9  4 10 5 13
newcurve marktype none linetype dashed color 1 0 0
         pts 0 0  1 2  2 3  3 5  4 6  5 9

The first lets jgraph choose the drawing style. The second plots the points with triangles, 
and connects them with a solid line. The third does not plot the points, but just the line 
connecting them. The line will be dashed, and its color will be red (colors are specified as rgb 
values where 1 is full saturation). Take a look at the jgraph output. You'll note that 
jgraph's axes have been made just large enough to plot all the points.
The valid marktypes and linetypes are defined in the man page. You may use newline 
instead of ``newcurve marktype none linetype solid''


